W-11862525-first-draft-for-beta-site-build-CP (#114)
mulesoft/docs-apikit: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

* xref:apikit-4-for-graphql.adoc[] supports GraphQL APIs. 
* xref:apikit-4-for-odatav2.adoc[] and xref:apikit-4-for-odatav4.adoc[] support OData APIs. 
* xref:apikit-4-for-rest.adoc[] supports RAML and OAS APIs.
* xref:apikit-4-for-soap.adoc[] supports SOAP APIs. 

With APIkit, incoming requests are intelligently routed to the appropriate endpoints based on the defined API contracts. This routing mechanism simplifies request handling, improves performance, and ensures that requests are processed by the correct API resources.

Although each module is designed for a family of web services, all modules share common usage patterns. So if you are a Mule developer who works with SOAP APIs, you can easily work with GraphQL, RAML, OData, or OAS APIs.

== Features

* APIkit generates the structure of a Mule application based on a supported API specification.
* APIkit includes sources and operations that perform complex input validations according to the requirements in the API specification.
* The APIkit for REST module includes an API console that enables you to experiment with the API project as you develop it.

> * Some APIkit modules include extensions for xref:studio::index.adoc[Anypoint Studio] and xref:anypoint-code-builder::index.adoc[Anypoint Code Builder] for enhancing your editing experience if you use the supported development environments.

Reviewer: maybe "...editing experience in the supported..."

Author: I like it! Thanks!

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:page-aliases: overview-4.adoc

> APIkit is a toolkit that simplifies the development of API-led applications for Mule developers. It scaffolds applications from a given specification, validates inputs parameter validation, and creates xref:munit::munit-scaffold-test-task.adoc[MUnit test suites]. APIkit has a module for each supported web-service type:

Reviewer: According to our guidelines for writing product overviews, the topic title should be "APIkit Overview" instead of "About APIkit."

Author: OK! Thanks!

* xref:apikit-4-for-graphql.adoc[] supports GraphQL APIs. 
* xref:apikit-4-for-odatav2.adoc[] and xref:apikit-4-for-odatav4.adoc[] support OData APIs. 
* xref:apikit-4-for-rest.adoc[] supports RAML and OAS APIs.
* xref:apikit-4-for-soap.adoc[] supports SOAP APIs. 

With APIkit, incoming requests are intelligently routed to the appropriate endpoints based on the defined API contracts. This routing mechanism simplifies request handling, improves performance, and ensures that requests are processed by the correct API resources.

> Although each module is designed for a family of web services, all modules share common usage patterns. So if you are a Mule developer that works with SOAP APIs, you can easily get used to working with GraphQL, RAML, OData, or OAS APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although each module is designed for a family of web services, all modules share common usage patterns. So if you are a Mule developer who works with SOAP APIs, you can easily work with GraphQL, RAML, OData, or OAS APIs.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

== Features

* APIkit generates the structure of a Mule application based on a supported API specification.

> * APIkit includes sources and operations that perform complex input validations according to the requirements described in the API specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* APIkit includes sources and operations that perform complex input validations according to the requirements in the API specification.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion:

* APIKit does the following:

    * Generates...
    * Includes sources and operations...
    * Includes an API console...
    
* The APIkit for Rest module...
* Some APIkit modules...

Author: OK! Thanks!

> * APIkit for REST module includes an API console that enables you to experiment with the API project as you develop it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The APIkit for REST module includes an API console that enables you to experiment with the API project as you develop it.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> * Some APIkit modules include extensions for xref:studio::index.adoc[Anypoint Studio] and xref:anypoint-code-builder::index.adoc[Anypoint Code Builder] for enhancing your editing experience if you choose to use the supported development environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Some APIkit modules include extensions for xref:studio::index.adoc[Anypoint Studio] and xref:anypoint-code-builder::index.adoc[Anypoint Code Builder] for enhancing your editing experience if you use the supported development environments.
```

Reviewer: Consider spelling out which APIkit modules have extensions for Studio and Code Builder. I think this would be good for users to know.

Author: Studio supports all APIkit modules, but ACB does not support some modules for now.
In the future, ACB should be able to use all APIkit modules, but that is TBD for the time being.
If we list modules currently supported by Studio and ACB, ACB would look poor in comparison to Studio.
And we are trying to encourage users to move to ACB.

> == Prerequisites

Reviewer: According to our standards, this section should be called "Before You Begin Using APIkit"

Author: Right you are! Thanks!

> You need to have access to xref:studio::index.adoc[Anypoint Studio] or xref:anypoint-code-builder::index.adoc[Anypoint Code Builder] to scaffold a supported API specification with APIkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have access to xref:studio::index.adoc[Anypoint Studio] or xref:anypoint-code-builder::index.adoc[Anypoint Code Builder] to scaffold a supported API specification with APIkit.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

== APIkit Versions

> APIkit is designed to work as a module with Mule runtime version 4. Documentation for the Mule 3 implementation of APIkit is available https://docs.mulesoft.com/apikit/3.x/[here]. If you use APIkit on Mule 3, the module version matches the runtime version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIkit works as a module with Mule runtime version 4. Documentation for the Mule 3 implementation of APIkit is available https://docs.mulesoft.com/apikit/3.x/[here]. If you use APIkit on Mule 3, the module version matches the runtime version.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> By default, Studio includes APIkit for REST and APIkit for SOAP modules. If you need GraphQL or OData modules, follow the installation instructions in each section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Studio includes the APIkit for REST and APIkit for SOAP modules. If you need the GraphQL or OData modules, follow the installation instructions in each section.
```

Reviewer: Do you need to specify APIkit before "GraphQl module" and "SOAP module" - APIkit for GraphQl, APIkit for SOAP?

Author: I tried to be consistent throughout the articles giving the modules always the same name.
There are hundreds of "GraphQL modules" but only one "APIkit for GraphQL module" if you make a Google search.
